A lot of the time that I spent was around
going up and down stairs.
The floor always felt either slightly damp
[laughs]
or, you know, you just knew it was crusty.
You can smell the chlorine from the pool a
little bit.
The heat of all the bodies, and the DJ spinning,
and folks dancing.
There’s the music.
Like, on the first floor, it was the music.
People’s conversations happening, and then
you walk up the stairs.
Then you’re starting to hear folks having
sex in the cubicles in the hallway.
And you could hear different implements being
engaged with in the, sort of, SM areas.
Clanking of chains, the sound of leather or
flesh on flesh, and people moaning.
Clink of bottles, beers being poured out…
Or cans, I think it was cans actually, being
popped and poured.
Skin, there’s a lot of skin.
You brush up against people everywhere.
To be perfectly blunt, I tried not to touch
the floor or the wall.